tortillas cooled down and I'm popping on
some spinach leaves olive oil salt plus
a few lovely capers to finish off and on
for the next dish el squid Oh
ryuko yeah it's a dish one of my ones
okay so try and imagine this a nice
tender piece of squid filled with some
lovely black pudding we're gonna braise
it down ryuko sauce and it's gonna be
really red in color really juicy loads
of flavor really really soft and then
when it's done then take out slice it up
little bit of the juice Bob's your uncle
to bulk up the black pudding stuffing
I'm putting in bread crumbs and parsley
whilst on furniture it's Oh
onion garlic and find some our toes into
the Ryoka braising sauce along with some
anchovies to give it a good old punch
round a face and a depth of flavor so
here we go give the black pudding out so
you don't need a skin get rid of the
skin for that it's nice and sticky it's
a little bit moist so I'm gonna put some
bread crumbs in there okay just enough
to help it burn together a little bit of
salt now it's got salt pepper herbs and
stuff in there already but I'm just
trying to freshen it up a little bit
okay someone puts a nice little bit
puffier a little bit of olive oil and
then just mash it all together so that
is nice so I'm gonna get into our little
sausage shapes and I'm gonna just stuff
the old squid
I think it's like a peasant style of
cooking okay where you use old stuff up
old breadcrumbs and stuff like that and
then we're going to just keep them
together with some cocktail sticks
that's like that okay and then you've
got that lovely little queso for that
delicious to create a base for the Ryoka
sauce finely chop a red onion some
chorizo and a couple of cloves of garlic
now the garlic this time I needed it a
bit more refined there's some of this
lovely Spanish olive oil in the pan I
want to pop this in first eggs on the
oils to come out of it so just give that
a little mood let's get the onions and
garlic in
right tomatoes in half I'm gonna just
take these out because I think it's just
a bit too watery keep the skins on nice
bit of flavor if you want to be chef II
take them off if you want but don't get
soup on see I mean it's this street food
all you have to do is just mix I mean
now I'm gonna put in some anchovies
right this is gonna put nice bit of
depth of flavor gonna put about 6 in
there man
I don't care honestly I'm just going for
it
now squiddly diddly you can cook this in
there probably about five minutes then
you go in with your wine the main
ingredient is the squid and this lovely
Ryoka okay when this is done and a nice
rings of squid and I've got all the
braising liquid that's been reduced
reduced reduced and it's all intensify
the flavor and a little spoonful on top
pop out to the boil right so the lids on
and it's just a little bit showing there
so a little bit of steam can come out so
it can reduce so that's probably about
two hours on the low to medium heat okay
don't touch it just leave it and when
it's done leave the squid in it for
about ten minutes just to rest
you